hey what's going on guys caught on truth
here and today when talk to you guys a
little bit about my new favorite weapon
in battlefield 3 and that is the spaz 12
and it's not the spaz 12 with buckshot
in flechette that I loved up through 20
service stars with no I finally ditched
those and started using these slug
rounds which is something that a lot of
people are probably laughing at me for
right now just because slug rounds many
people consider to be the ultimate ammo
type for pump action shotguns in
battlefield 3 but I just never really
wanted to use them never really cared
for them honestly I didn't want to
figure out how to effectively use slug
rounds until I started getting killed by
that a lot more on pump action shotguns
and I said you know what I really do
need to learn how these things work how
to be effective with them because they
are obviously very powerful and they are
now when I first started to use this
past 12 like I said I was a buckshot
flechette guy never even thought about
using slug rounds and then I really did
discover the power of these things and
after using them for just a couple
matches I kind of learned a few tips to
really improve my game play when using
slug rounds and make the most of the
strengths of these very very powerful
rounds on the shotgun now before I get
into any more details about I just want
to say I'm by no means some kind of
authority on this I'm a decent player
with this past 12 I wouldn't say I'm
good I'm Sam just ok but I've gotten
quite a few kills with this gun and
these tips wegive you guys are just ones
I have learned or figured out rip rather
that's I've helped my game play when
using slug rounds on this past 12 and
even the 870 combat shotgun now the
first thing you need some everyone
unlocking slug rounds is they are not
ate there not a spread of pellets when
you fire them it's basically like one
giant ball that's coming out of the end
of your gun and a lot of guys don't seem
to understand that the slug round
there's no extra no pallet coming this
way of Helikon this way oh whatever
certain damage per pellet know this is
one giant ball with the shotgun and is
something that you need to be very
accurate with whereas opposed to
buckshot in flechette you can kind of
spam fire with them in close quarters
and get kills not these spaz 12 anyone
yourself well how do you prevent
yourself you know getting over that
learning curve I'm not spamming in close
quarters well the first thing I learned
is that you need to slow down and play
more passive
when using these fast 12 and let's say
that as I am running around in TDM on
canals all this is after quite some time
after I started using slug rounds and
growing a little more accustomed to them
but when you first start to use them
guys try to slow yourself down now that
sounds weird because you are using a
shotgun which is the ultimate close
quarters gun so you figure why the want
to slow down and play you know a bit
more passively and maybe hang back some
because you know this is a shotgun I
need to be up in the action face to face
my enemies well not when you're using
slug rounds once again you need to keep
in mind what type of ammo you're using
it's a giant ball that you're shooting
out not a spread of pellets that really
you know drop off over range this thing
has got some pretty good power now we
will do a max of 100 damage out to 15
meters which will kill enemies in both
the hardcore and normal core mode even
the minimum damage on this weapon with
slow ground still packs a punch at 40
outs of 50 meters so this is a ranged
ammo type and you should use it as such
how I like to think of it is use maybe
something like an AK 74 m the aks-74u
the scar l weapons like that in the
assault class and engineer class are
kind of good models that I have found
when starting out to use the slug rounds
that was kind of guns you're not going
to run ultimate close quarters you know
you're not going to just be running
around trying to you know going canals
or on the new close quarters DLC maps
and like hit fire with those no those
are more ranged weapons try to use these
spaz 12 like those weapons now you don't
want to take them out as far as those
weapons can go when it comes to the
range but you know try to think of it
like you're using arranged assault rifle
except don't hang back quite as far the
second thing you want to remember when
using these slow grounds on the spaz 12
or 870 is that you need to take an extra
second to align your shot you don't want
to just start spamming that trigger and
hopefully you'll get the kill no take
that extra second to align your shot
keep in mind that these the ammo type
you're firing will do a lot of damage on
impact I mean a lot of damage you will
get a surprising number of one-shot
kills especially if your enemy has been
hurt previously because you're firing
just one giant ball of ammo type often
times you will be rewarded for taking an
extra half a second or even if
second to align your shots because if
you do take that splits I get to align
your shots even when the enemy like
looks at you in returns fire you will
probably drop him because of your
patients because you waited and align
your shot up rather than just trying to
spam fire and one of the final things
I've learned that has made these slug
rounds very effective for me is flanked
flank flank now this is something that
is very important if you really want to
run slug rounds and are struggling to
use them remember guys if you flank and
get behind some enemy teammates and IM
et make some enemies it will make it
even more effective because you if you
can take an extra second to align your
shots because the enemies are not going
to know that you're there and if they
don't know you're there it will allow
you a lot of time to look down your
scope or your iron sights whichever one
you prefer on the spacer 870 and get
those one-shot kills and it really
boosts your confidence when using these
pump action shotguns with slug rounds
and one of the final tips I can give you
guys when using slug rounds on these
fast over 870 do nuts hipfire you see me
do it occasionally just out of kind of
just panic and I see a guy you know
running up to me like it's just a
one-on-one fight right in close quarters
i will hit fire however i would not
recommend these things I've got
horrendous hipfire because once again
you have to be extremely accurate with
your shot and if you're not extremely
accurate with your shot you will not get
kills it is that simple and as you can
see right here from this gameplay what
did i do I flanked you know how many
three four or five guys on the enemy
team and it allows me to take them out
very easily because I take that extra
second to align my shot I could have
started running them behind those three
guys and just spamming the trigger as
fast as I could but I didn't I kind of
slowed down took my time to align the
shots up and I drop the enemies because
of the power behind the slug round in
the spass 12 or 870 you will drop your
enemies very very quickly because of the
power and it's just going to be one shot
probably ninety nine percent of the time
now the other thing I want to say is a
lot of guys have been wondering you know
what is better the spaz 12 or the 870
what's the biggest difference between
the two and there really is only two
main difference between
shotgun one is a plus for these fads one
is a plus for the 870 the spas-12 will
excuse me we'll shoot slightly faster
than the 870 i believe it's 20 rounds a
minute faster than the 870 combat
shotgun which is not a huge difference
if you're using slug rounds it is if
you're using buckshot or flechette and
the only other thing also has to deal
with buckshot in flechette rounds and
that is the 870 fires one more pellet
will fire 12 pellets while the spaz 12
only will fire 11 now keep this in mind
if you're going to choose one of these
shotguns to use if you do prefer
buckshot or flechette rounds however if
you are going to use slug rounds that
really doesn't matter I would actually
encourage you to use these spaz over the
870 just for that extra fire ape however
once again I would not recommend
spamming it in close quarters just
because you need to be extremely
accurate with your shot when using slug
rounds on a pump-action shotgun so I
hope you guys enjoyed this kind of tips
video if you did please leave me your
comments down below and also if you have
more tips that you want to share with
people that are trying to grow
accustomed to slug rounds on shotguns
please leave them in the comments
section guys these are very very
powerful rounds I would like you guys to
understand how they work so if you found
more tips better tips please leave them
in the comments section hope you guys
enjoyed the video and I'll talk to you
later bye
you